today I will make one of the most
popular pizzas that you can possibly
order anywhere in the world a pepperoni
pizza I've made my own pizza dough from
scratch but if you want to know how to
make it check out my recipe on the
channel I'm rolling this dough out into
a 12-inch pizza base
after rolling out the pizza do initially
I've just stretched it to fit a 12 by 12
inch piece of parchment paper and I'm
just going to lift it up and place it on
the baking tray when it has to go into
the oven so any self-respecting
pepperoni pizza has to have a really
kick-ass tomato based sauce so I'm going
to show you how to make a really nice
rich luscious tomato based sauce for
this pizza I've curated some Tomatoes
roughly about 300 grams salt to taste a
dash of chili flakes and oregano finely
chopped garlic cloves
the sauce is reduced by half and is now
completely cooked so it's time to just
take it off the heat and now for the
exciting part of assembling this pizza
just slather on that source
and just spread it out the sauce smells
so good I could just eat it all on its
own and just lots of madela don't skimp
on it be generous with it
and just top it up with pepperoni
doesn't that look really good I'm gonna
bake this now at my ovens highest
temperature which is about 250 degrees
Celsius for 10 minutes
just look at that I think this pizza
just speaks for itself I'm just gonna
slice it up now because I just don't
want to talk anymore I want to eat this
pizza
so guys like comment subscribe you know
the drill